contents/docs/getting-started/free-plugins/onesender-sheet-broadcast/index.mdx, before:

---
title: Onesender Sheet Broadcast
description: Broadcast whatsapp messages using Onesender with Google Sheet Integration
---

**Simple Template** is a WordPress Plugin for applying a gutenberg design to be a single post template. You can create a custom query loop too!

Simple Template requires <a href="https://studioinspirasi.com/product/dynamic-data" target="_blank">Dynamic Data</a> plugin to work properly. So, please install both of the plugin. 

##  General

###  Install

<Stepper>
  <StepperItem title="Step 1: Download">
    Download the plugin in <a href="https://studioinspirasi.com/product/simple-template" target="_blank">Studio Inspirasi</a>, so you will get the zip file of the recent plugin update.
  </StepperItem>
  <StepperItem title="Step 2: Upload & Install">
    Upload and Install the plugin to your WordPress by navigating to your wordpress dashboard menu in: `Plugins` > `Add New` > `Upload Plugin` > `Choose File` > `Install Now`.
  </StepperItem>
  <StepperItem title="Step 3: Activate">
    After successfully install the plugin, click the `Activate` link in the process.
  </StepperItem>
</Stepper>

###  Update

<Note title="📣 Caution"> 
 Please backup your data before updating the plugin!
</Note>

<Stepper>
  <StepperItem title="Step 1: Check Update">
    Navigate to your WordPress Dashboard Menu in: `Plugins` > `Installed Plugins`. If the update is exists, the `Update Now` link will be displayed.
  </StepperItem>
  <StepperItem title="Step 2: Update Now">
    When you have backed up your site, and ready to install the update, click `Update Now` link.
  </StepperItem>
</Stepper>

##  How to Use

The tutorial of "How To Use Simple Template" is here below:

<iframe width="100%" height="360px" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/NlIZSWz3FME?si=mMGtXPRmSf-ggFc4" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe>

##  Features

### Create Single Post Template

With Simple Template, you can create a custom single post template with conditions:
- `{Specific Custom Post Type}`: The custom single template will be applied for entire post in specific custom post type. Example: `book`, `vehicle`, etc.
- `{Specific Post}`: The custom single post template will be applied for specific post. Example: The posts with the id `87`, `433`, etc

### Create Custom Query Loop 

With Simple Template, you can create a custom query loop that being displayed in the frontend by using shortcode `{query-loop query=98 template=76}`.
- `query`: the id of the query
- `template`: the id of the template that will be used by the query.

##  Use Cases

**Simple Template** developed and used by Studio Inspirasi to create a custom child-theme. So, hopefully this plugin can get the feature of custom single template and query loop without purchasing Pro version of the theme. 

<Note title="📂 Contribution"> 
 Interested in the plugin improvement? Email us on [dev@studioinspirasi.com](mailto:dev@studioinspirasi.com)! From feature suggestions to bug fixes, all contribution are welcome.
</Note>

Commit message:

Change: onesender-sheet-broadcast page

contents/docs/getting-started/free-plugins/onesender-sheet-broadcast/index.mdx, after:

---
title: Onesender Sheet Broadcast
description: Broadcast whatsapp messages using Onesender with Google Sheet Integration
---

**Onesender Sheet Broadcast** is a Simple WordPress Plugin to broadcast Whatsapp Messages using OneSender API with the contact form comes from Google Sheet.

Just Simply go to the `broadcast page` in the dashboard, you can start broadcasting the messages to the contacts.

##  General

###  Install

<Stepper>
  <StepperItem title="Step 1: Download">
    Download the plugin in <a href="https://studioinspirasi.com/product/onesender-sheet-broadcast" target="_blank">Studio Inspirasi</a>, so you will get the zip file of the recent plugin update.
  </StepperItem>
  <StepperItem title="Step 2: Upload & Install">
    Upload and Install the plugin to your WordPress by navigating to your wordpress dashboard menu in: `Plugins` > `Add New` > `Upload Plugin` > `Choose File` > `Install Now`.
  </StepperItem>
  <StepperItem title="Step 3: Activate">
    After successfully install the plugin, click the `Activate` link in the process.
  </StepperItem>
</Stepper>

###  Update

<Note title="📣 Caution"> 
 Please backup your data before updating the plugin!
</Note>

<Stepper>
  <StepperItem title="Step 1: Check Update">
    Navigate to your WordPress Dashboard Menu in: `Plugins` > `Installed Plugins`. If the update is exists, the `Update Now` link will be displayed.
  </StepperItem>
  <StepperItem title="Step 2: Update Now">
    When you have backed up your site, and ready to install the update, click `Update Now` link.
  </StepperItem>
</Stepper>

##  How to Use

The tutorial of "How To Use Onesender Sheet Broadcast" is here below:

<iframe width="100%" height="360px" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/NlIZSWz3FME?si=mMGtXPRmSf-ggFc4" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe>

### Broadcast page

You can find the broadcast page by navigating to the: `Tools` > `Broadcast`. Below is the screenshot of the page:

![Broadcast Page](https://si-plugins.b-cdn.net/plugins/wccr/onesender-sheet-broadcast-page.png)

##  Use Cases

**Onesender Sheet Broadcast** developed and used by Studio Inspirasi to make an easiest way to interact with the Onesender API. The main function of this plugin is to broadcast a blast messages, so the plugin is suitble if you're:

- `Agency` that want to blast a messages to the customers
- `Educators` that want to blast a messages to your students  for assignments, or parents for some official notifications etc.
- `Foundation` that want to blas a messages to your monthly donator for reminder, or give them some of information of latest foundation's programs etc.

<Note title="📂 Contribution"> 
 Interested in the plugin improvement? Email us on [dev@studioinspirasi.com](mailto:dev@studioinspirasi.com)! From feature suggestions to bug fixes, all contribution are welcome.
</Note>
